# Concepts & Terminology Working Group
Content and code repository for the [Concepts &amp; Terminology Working Group (C&amp;T-WG)](https://wiki.trustoverip.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=65700)

This repo contains the content resources for the management of the ToIP Glossary along with the tools necessary to generate two renderings (printed, online) of the ToIP Glossary.

## Contents

1. Online Governance Framework Docs
    * [GitHub Pages](https://trustoverip.github.io/concepts-and-terminology-wg/)
    * [ToIP Glossary Website - GitHub Pages Alias]()
2. ToIP Glossary ([PDF Version](https://.github.com/trustoverip/concepts-and-terminology-wg/raw/master/pdf/ToIP-glossary.pdf))


## Content Contributions
If you are interested in contributing to concepts and terms to this repository please follow the [Contributing Content Instructions](Contributing_Content.md).

## Content Generation Aid
If you are interested in aiding our effort but developing code that extracts content from external sources for insertion into our terminology corpus, please explore our [open issues](https://github.com/trustoverip/concepts-and-terminology-wg/issues) for possible ideas from the community and then submit a pull request to propose a solution.

If you have a suggestion for external sources that we should leverage, please submit a [Build Process Issue](https://github.com/trustoverip/concepts-and-terminology-wg/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=build-process-issue-template.md&title=%5BPROCESS%5D+%3Cissue%2Ffeature+desc%3E). Please make sure your suggestion **clearly articulates** the relevance of the external data to the ToIP mission.

## Build Process
This repo uses **GitHub Pages** to host the static HTML content that is generated by MkDocs. The ```gh-pages``` branch reflects the latest committed docs. See ```make pages```.

Use  ```make``` to manage the build process for this repo.

```
$ make
```

### Prepare Development Environment (MacOS)

1. Clone repository
2. Setup Environment

```
$ make setup
```

### Develop and test content

```
$ make dev
```

### Generate HTML and PDF Docs
This repo uses ```mkdocs gh-deploy``` to push generated HTML content to GitHub. This process also creates a single PDF document in the ```pdf``` folder but the file is not pushed.

```
$ make pages
```
>Note: You can ignore the DEBUG and WARNING messages during the PDF generation.

## Commit Code
To complete the development process, follow normal **git commit** and **git push** processing. The ```.gitignore``` file will prevent the pushing of the static HTML content.


## Help
Please refer to [mkdocs-pdf-export-plugin](https://github.com/zhaoterryy/mkdocs-pdf-export-plugin) for PDF tooling configuration help.

## ToDo

1. xxxxx
2. xxxxx
